The MANIFEST file only holds the number of zones (lol)

The GLOBAL folder holds assets that are meant to be re-usable outside each zone.
In it:
- WorldObject list
- Quest list
- Item list

For WorldObjects:
1st line is the number of WorldObjects
Each line after is the length and width of the object.

For Quests:
1st line is the number of Quests
For each quest:
1st line is number of step and quest name
Each following line is the description of the step.

For Items:
1st line is number of items.
For each item:
Two lines, on one the name, the other has the description.

Each zone(x) folder corresponds to one zone.
In each folder:
- Adjacent zone ID list
- Event list
- Interactable list
- NPC list (dialogue is in here)
- Cutscenes
- Chests
- Layout

For the adjacent zones:
1 line, 12 numbers. First 4 are the indices of adjacent zones. Next 8 are pairs of coordinates when the player enters the zone from the north, east, south, or west.

For Events:
1st line is how many events there are
For each event:
1st line is the type of event. 1 is a standard event, 2 is a place event, 3 is place interactable, 4 place npc, 5 remove event, 6 remove interactable, 7 remove npc, 8 is a move event, 9 is move interactable, 10 is move npc, 11 is give, 12 is take, 13 is givequest
2nd line is the quest id, followed by quest step. (except for giveEvent)
3rd line is the message (2nd for giveQuest)
4th line is a 1 or 0, denoting silence (3rd for giveQuest)
For place/remove events:
5th line is the id of the zone, id of the thing to place/remove, followed by coordinates
For move events:
5th line is the id of the zone, id of thing to move, amount to move (x,y) and the speed
for give/take events:
5th line is the id of the item to give/take
For giveQuest:
4th line is the id of the quest.
For Interactables:

1st line is how many interactables there are
For each interactable:
1st line is the size (x, y) followed by the event id.

For NPCs:

1st line is how many NPCs there are
For each NPC:
1st line is name.
2nd line is size (x,y) followed by event id, then followed by the number of dialogue options.
For each dialogue option:
1st line is the number of adjacent options, followed by their indexes. Indices are now generated for EACH NPC which greatly simplifies things.
2nd line is event ID upon pressing it.
3rd line is the dialogue label.

For Cutscenes:

1st line is how many cutscenes there are.
For each cutscene:
1st line is how many events in the scene
Each event gets one line, with index (now generated for each zone) and a duration in milliseconds.

For chests:

1st line is how many chests there are.
For each chest:
1st line is length and height.
2nd line is how many items there are, followed by the IDs of each item (universal)

For layout:

1st line holds the number of WorldObjects, they each get a line.
For each WorldObject, its line has the ID and coordinates of the upper left corner.

After that, one line per coordinate for all the Interactables, NPCs, and Chests.